---
layout: post
title: Nova Cluster ☆ Shining Big Bang! | Prologue
date: 2020-08-04
categories: shining-bigbang
---
〈Spring. After school, inside the StarPro office.〉

<b>Subaru:</b> Charge! Trickstar ……..☆

Come, come, it’s starting this week!

A utopia for idols - we, Trickstar, will be covering Ensemble Square’s famous people and places in our information program!

Everyone in the tea room, and everyone who’s watching over the internet, I wonder if you can guess who we are by our faces?

For those of you who might be thinking “Hey who are you!?”, once again we’ll be doing a self-introduction! Alright, over to you Ukki~☆


**Makoto:** H-hey, sorry- I don’t get what you’re on about at all, Akehoshi-kun!?


**Mao:** Same here. …...Subaru~ what’s this all of a sudden? Are you playing a game?


**Hokuto:** Don’t be so loud in the office, Akehoshi, the other employees are still working.


**Subaru:** Huh~? That’s a surprisingly weak reaction. I heard it from Anzu that we, Trickstar, are doing an introduction of Ensemble Square!

Although I’m not sure how we’ll be doing the introductions, she said it was something about a tie-up with TV and something about a program…….

So since that’s the general idea, I thought we’d do some rehearsal practice! Right now! And with that, the explanation’s over!


**Hokuto:** Wait, hold on. I can never understand your explanations, Akehoshi.

Ensemble Square’s a bit long and difficult to say, so I’ll call it by what it’s commonly called instead. So we’re doing an introduction for ES? This is the first I’ve heard of it?


**Mao:** Hmm~ Maybe Subaru misunderstood something. If it was a formal job, it’d be unlikely for Hokuto to not have heard anything, since he’s our leader.


**Hokuto:** Hmm. Wait, maybe I missed the message. Hold on a second, I’m going to check Whole Hands.


**Subaru:** Then while  Hokke~’s checking that~, let’s continue our rehearsal practice! Until he can confirm it, the future remains uncertain. It’s Schrodinger’s job!

In any case, here, Ukki~, hold this! Turn around, come on, quickly!


**Makoto:** Huuuh, turn around- this video camera? If it’s a TV program, then wouldn’t it be better to shoot with a nicer camera?

Well I guess it’s fine, since even small ones nowadays have high specs and it’s only for a rehearsal- but we’ll probably need a proper TV camera for it later.


*Mao:* That’s right~ I’m not a ‘camera camera’ kind of guy, but we’ll probably trigger an allergic reaction in Makoto since he hates them.


*Makoto:* No~ it’s true that I’m not good with them, but I don’t hate them. It’s just that since I got traumatised, I get surprised when I see them.


Subaru: Hm. About that Ukki~, since you never talk about it in detail, I still don’t really understand it.

All I know is that something happened when you were younger and working as a child model-

Ah, but if you don’t want to talk about it then it’s totally fine. It’s probably not something you want to share anyway.


Makoto: Ahaha, that’s right. If possible, I only want to talk about happy things, especially when the cameras are rolling. We’re idols after all ♪


Hokuto: …… as much as I’d like to, it seems it’ll be difficult to only talk about 'happy things'.


Mao: ? Did something happen, Hokuto?


Hokuto: I was checking the messages we received on ‘Whole Hands’. There was no request for the 'ES introduction' job Akehoshi was talking about.


Subaru: Eeh, really? Hu~h, maybe I did misinterpret something?


Hokuto: I wonder. Even though usually Akehoshi is usually best described as 'idiot', it’s still pretty rare for him to make a mistake about work.

And yet, even though I’m supposed to be the reliable leader, I still make the mistakes of forgetting to make reports, contact people and ask for advice.


Mao: Yeah, we already knew that. Get it together will you, leader?


Hokuto: Shut up…… Since we’ve been getting more attention we’ve been getting a huge amount of messages, I’m having a really hard time dealing with all of it myself.


Makoto: Ahaha. If that’s the case, then we should probably hire a manager with L$.

In regards to such a system, ES is pretty well-equipped.


Subaru: Eeeh~...... I don’t like the idea of someone I don’t know managing us. If it was Anzu though, I’d gladly ‘wag my tail’ and follow her.


Mao: Hmmm~ but Anzu is too busy doing her work with the ‘Producer Organisation’......

If she collapses again it’ll actually be scarring, so let’s keep our requests for her help reasonable, shall we?


Hokuto: Mhmm, there’s nothing we can do about it. Even though it was a cry of joy, being busy only exists as long as both parties are able to request things from each other.

Right now, we are standing in the middle of a radiance that we couldn’t even think of last year.

No….. right now, everyone is running to the forefront at full speed.

And yet, for us, Trickstar, who thought it would be smooth sailing from here on out, it seems there may be dark clouds ahead.

Subaru: ? What do you mean?


Hokuto: Hm. Earlier, I checked the electronic trash can  in ‘Whole Hands’* just in case…… Inside a message that automatically got filtered as spam was something suspicious.

The message was from the so-called 'Emperor' who rules StarPro, no, ES, from the shadows.


Subaru: Huh, 'Emperor'..... from Eichi-senpai? Why would something like that get sent into spam, Hokke~, he’s a friend in the same company now isn’t he?


Hokuto: Be that as it may, I still don’t consider him a friend. All he ever sends us is bad news. It’s been a bad experience.

Ah, this is making me feel uneasy. The one who controls everything from behind the scenes, 'Emperor' Tenshouin Eichi- just what in the Hell is he planning on hitting us with?
